Update aspnetcore-openapi.md (#32588)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/minimal-apis/aspnetcore-openapi.md

#### Limiting access to OpenAPI document to authorized users

> The OpenAPI endpoint does not enable any authorization checks by default. However, it's possible to limit access to the OpenAPI document to those with the `tester` scope using the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenAPI endpoint doesn't enable any authorization checks by default. However, it's possible to limit access to the OpenAPI document to those with the `tester` scope by using the following configuration:
```
